New modules for Filtering and Removing Facts (#1402)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/common/modules/con_facts-and-nic-filtering.adoc

[id="facts-and-nic-filtering_{context}"]
= Facts and NIC filtering

> Facts are host parameters such as total memory, operating system version, or architecture.

Reviewer: I thought about that, but had trouble coming up with a good suggestion. Perhaps
```suggestion
Facts describe aspects such as total memory, operating system version, or architecture as reported by the host.
```

The last part is IMHO also important since the OS version is also a host property, so it's available twice in Foreman. It's important to understand the flow of information.
